# Contributing

## Standards and Practices

1. The pipeline uses an **AWS** service account with limited permissions to deploy resources into the _Northern Lights_ account. One important point to keep in mind while developing is the pipeline does _not_ have **IAM** permissions. In other words, the pipeline _cannot_ create roles, policies, users, or perform any modifications to existing **IAM** resources. Due to this restriction, your **Terraform** project must be structured so that all **IAM** resources can either be inputted through variables, pulled from an external data source or otherwise imported. If a module in your project provisions **IAM** resources, it _must_ do so in a conditional way, i.e. if an input variable `iam_permission` is set to `true`. It is recommended to modularize your project in such a way that all conditionally created **IAM** resources are isolated in a single module. The `Release` job can be configured to only deploy certain jobs in your project; if you modularize your **IAM** resources, you can simply skip this module in the `Release` job. See [tf-release in the Catalogue for more information on configuring the Release job](./CATALOGUE.md#tf-release).
2. Do not commit account IDs, resource IDs, resource ARNs or anything of that nature to your version control. The _Automation Library_ uses [Github Secrets](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/actions/secrets) to deliver sensitive information to the pipeline. See [TF_ENV in Quickstart for more information on injecting secrets in your pipeline](./QUICKSTART.md#tf_env).